2012-06-08 V0.20 released!

The maintenance release is ready: The biggest changes are concerning the documentation (added
and updated a lot of doxygen style comments) and the support for part-of-title indexes. The
rest is of cosmetical nature and a few refactorings.

Next: Actual DVD database lookup will be added.

This is a humongous task: Not only that the code needs to be written, but I will also have to
type in some of my DVDs for lookup testing. So please stay tuned.

2012-XX-XX V0.40 released!

This is a huge update, a lot of changes have been made (thus the release took very long).

Database search has been implemented, it is possible to search a DVD by album or artist name.
This is to be refined in a future release (e.g., allow to select the fields to be searched).

The biggest modification, however, is a concept change:

In the beginning it was planned to only store a small subset of a DVD in the database. This was
the so-called "virtual structure", which is the most interesting look at the DVD from a user's
point of view. It seemed to be sufficient in the first place, but it turned out, without the real
"physical structure", it is not possible to allow the database to be searched and to properly
display the results. Some required pieces of information are stored with the physical structure
data on the DVD, so it would have been required to at least preserve some of it - that turned
out to be a tedious task with ominous results.

Therefore the decision was taken to alter the concept and store the whole DVD structure in the
database, that way allowing to display it properly even if the DVD is not in a local drive (that
was required with the old concept to be able to display the search results).

Alas, that required several core parts to be rewritten, and that took some time.

But as we are still in beta phase, the impact on the final release is not too big, as changing
that after the release was out would have been quite a big problem to do while not breaking
compatibility.

